---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Too Long Didn't Read
published: true
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-28
labels:
  - Learning
  - StackOverflow
---
  Stack Overflow has an oversaturation of questions where the title is too vague. Stack Overflow is a forum, and it is okay to ask questions, but the problem is there are many questions. Over 20.7 million questions as of this writing and the queries will only rise by the second. Stack Overflow does have filters and tags to limit searching. Still, if you are only there to search for an answer to a similar question, you wouldn’t need to peruse the forum google would do most of the searching. However, if you went on Stack Overflow to look through the questions, filters, and tags can only filter so much. You are still left with a lot of posts. That is where you have to get used to the website’s answers, views, and votes functionality, but before that, you read the post title.
  
	Reading the post title helps with the filtering of posts. The problem is, many of the posts on Stack Overflow have titles that are just too vague. Take this post [I can’t start the project of a local server](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65940414/i-cant-start-the-project-on-a-local-server). I almost overlooked the post entirely if it were not for the negative votes and the double-digit views. The post is about running a javascript project on a local server. The post has gone through a series of edits. There was no javascript tag in the original, nor was there any error. Originally, the error was posted through a picture, and I could not see it unless I maximized my screen. After a series of comments, we still don’t have the full picture. However, I don’t quite see the little information that big of a problem. Sure I time is a factor, then it is a huge problem, but given time, the answer should eventually be reached. Stack Overflow’s community is massive, and eventually, the problem would be resolved. The bigger issue is the title to attract viewers to your post. 
  
	Typically people use their question as their title post. That is fine. It is also okay to use keywords to attract people. My problem is that these titles should be a summary of your post. In other words, TLDR or too long didn’t read. Just so you know, you can fit 150 characters in a Stack Overflow title. That should be enough to compress a glimpse at a more extensive summary. In my opinion, the title is the first thing you look at a post before the votes, questions, and tags. Take this person’s post: [Use CASE or AND/OR in WHERE Clause To Limit Results](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65946875/use-case-or-and-or-in-where-clause-to-limit-results). It is a simple question, and it concisely summarizes the post. In the title, this person has CASE, AND/OR, and WHERE Clause automatically telling me this a problem in SQL. Their title not only presented the questions, but it precisely told me what the problem is. The title attracted my attention before the vote and view count. I already knew it was an SQL, so tag did not matter. Hedding into the post, everything was there. An apologetic summary of what they are attempting to do, what they did, and what they are running on. Essentially, this person is trying to combine a bunch of information from multiple databases and list them all, but two variables are not cooperating.
  
	Again I am not against using your question for the title. Nor am I against using keywords to get attention. However, if you can summarize the summary into Stack Overflow questions' title, then parsing through some 21 million posts would be a lot easier.
